<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">

<!--=========================================================================================
    Writer:     YC Wong
    Date:       Jan-Feb 2024
    Rev No:     1.0.0
    Notes:      Safety precautions related to customers in the USA.                
    =========================================================================================-->

<concept id="w_c_safety_precautions_usa_customers">
    
    <title>For customers in the USA</title>
    
    <conbody>        
        
        <section>
            <title>FCC Notice</title>
        </section>
        
        <section id="warning_section">
            <p><note type="warning">
                This device complies with Part 15 of the FCC Rules. Operation is subject to the
                    following two conditions: (1) This device may not cause harmful interference, and
                    (2) this device must not accept any interference received, including interference
                    that may cause undesired operation.
            </note></p>
        </section>
                
        <section id="caution_section">
            <p><note type="caution">
                You are cautioned that any changes or modifications not expressly approved in
                this manual could void your authority to operate this equipment.
                
                <p><note>
                    This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits for a Class B digital
                    device, pursuant to Part 15 of the FCC Rules. These limits are designed to provide reasonable
                    protection against harmful interference in a residential installation. This equipment generates, uses
                    and can radiate radio frequency energy and, if not installed and used in accordance with the 
                    instructions, may cause harmful interference to radio communications. However, there is no guarantee
                    that interference will not occur in a particular installation. If this equipment does cause harmful
                    interference to radio or television reception, which can be determined by turning equipment off and
                    on, the user is encouraged to try to correct the interference by one of more of the following measures:
                </note></p>
                
                <ul>
                    <li>Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna.</li>
                    <li>Increase the separation between the equipment and receiver.</li>
                    <li>Connect the equipment into an outlet on a circuit different from that to which the receiver is connected.</li>
                    <li>Consult the dealer or experienced radio/TV technician for help.</li>
                </ul>
            </note></p>
        </section>
        
        <!-- Include the contact information of the US branch here. -->
        <section id="contact_section" outputclass="company_info_usa">
            <lines outputclass="line_entry"><b>Contact:</b></lines>
            <sectiondiv conkeyref="w_topic_company_info/usa"/>            
        </section>
        
    </conbody>
    
</concept>
